Adding descriptions and titles on user documents (1/3) (#10077)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/service-account-manager.md

---

> description: The role that allows a user to create/update/delete ServiceAccounts in the project namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The role that allows a user to manage ServiceAccounts in the project namespace
```
